a short while ago the Israeli Army
defended its Relentless attacks on
hospitals and ambulances the post was
quickly deleted from the platform X
formerly known as Twitter let's take a
look at what it said because this is not
the first time Israel has tried to
justify its bombardment of Health Care
Facilities now the post says ambulances
are used to transport patients in need
of medical care and hospitals are places
where patients receive treatment right
but the Israeli Army says Hamas uses
ambulances to trans sport its operatives
and weapons disguising them as civilians
it goes on to state that hospitals are
in fact terrorist infrastructure and not
used for medical purposes it points out
this is against international law and it
says turns hospitals and ambulances into
legitimate military
targets now this is a claim the Israeli
Army has made before that Hamas is using
hospitals as cover for its command
centers well for more on this let's
speak to to Diana Buu a Palestinian
lawyer and former legal adviser to the
Palestine Liberation Organization she
joins us now from H thank you very much
for being on El jazer first of all what
is your reaction uh to this tweet that
was sent out by the Israeli military
especially when it comes to the line
hospitals and ambulances are legitimate
military
targets look the Israeli Army has been
dying to try to make things that are
otherwise illegal to try to turn them
into IL legal and we all know that it is
illegal to hit hospitals it is illegal
to hit ambulances it is illegal to deny
care to the sick and to the wounded and
Israel persists because it can and I
think it's very important for us to put
this in its proper context these same
allegations were made in 2008 and 2009
again in 2012 again in 2014 they have
never been proven and what we do know is
that Palestinian doctors International
doctors doctors from International
organizations everybody has come out and
said that this is actually not being
used for any uh for any military
purposes and therefore it is illegal
therefore the onus is on Israel to prove
that it's legal but even if it tries to
do that we have to bear in mind what
Israel is doing it's trying to commit
genocide against Palestinians and this
is why it must be stopped now I mean how
compelling is this as potentially
evidence in any future investigation or
trial you know they have no they have no
uh evidence they have no intelligence
whatsoever in fact there have been
demands by Palestinians for for an
independent investigation to come in and
look through the hospitals but of course
this has always been rejected by Israel
because they want to continue to dangle
these fake allegations in order to make
legal what is otherwise illegal and this
is what Israel has has always been
trying to do you don't need to have a
degree in international law to
understand that hitting a hospital is
illegal but what Israel is trying to do
is sell the world that what it's doing
is right and we all know that it is
Criminal I mean like you say they are
trying to sell this narrative to the
world at this stage do you think it is
working and that many of the western
Nations that are allied with Israel are
buying
it I don't think they're buying it but I
don't think they're doing anything to
stop it either when you see that for the
past two days we have not received uh an
accurate toll of people who been killed
by by Israel in the Gaza Strip because
the Ministry of Health is not able to
operate and when you see the the level
of damage that Israel is inflicting and
when you hear the genocidal statements
that Israeli leaders are saying it
should demand from the world that it put
pressure on Israel to stop but instead
why they may not be believing Israeli
lies they're still allowing Israel to
persist with carrying out these attacks
and they're quite
brutal just in regards to the
allegations that are mounting every day
against Israel you know saying crimes
against humanity genocide violations of
international humanitarian law I mean
how does or should that process around
investigating and Prosecuting those
allegations how is that likely to
proceed if at
all look there are already organ
ganizations that are working and
collecting evidence regarding Israeli
war crimes they've been doing this not
only since the first day of the attack
but for years before because this is
unfortunately not the first attack and
there is a mountain of evidence from
statements of Israeli leaders including
the Prime Minister and the president
himself um there is a mountain of
evidence in terms of the more than 1,000
family massacres that have been
perpetrated there's a mountain of
evidence in terms of the attacks on
hospitals the real question is whether a
court is actually going to listen to
this and I certainly hope they do so if
they don't it tears Decades of
international law to pieces and shows
the world that what is really important
is might rather than law and we must not
go down this path of allowing might to
be right thank you so much Diana we
really do appreciate it Diana Buu
Palestinian lawyer and former legal
adviser to the Palestine Liberation
Organization thanks so much